Release v0.27.0 (#868)
fluxcd/source-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.27.0

**Release date:** 2022-08-17

This prerelease adds support for SAS Keys when authenticating against Azure Blob Storage
and improves the documentation for `OCIRepository`. 

> The package `sourceignore`, which is used for excluding files from Flux internal artifacts, has been moved to `fluxcd/pkg/oci`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package `sourceignore`, which is used for excluding files from Flux internal artifacts, has been moved to `fluxcd/pkg/sourceignore`.
```

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.27.0

**Release date:** 2022-08-17

This prerelease adds support for SAS Keys when authenticating against Azure Blob Storage
and improves the documentation for `OCIRepository`. 

> The package `sourceignore`, which is used for filtering OCI tags by semver and regex,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package `sourceignore`, which is used for excluding files from Flux internal artifacts,
```
